kind
operating room
he wants to take that or just let's see good football
Rossi is
Arndt in the both teams
So Bayer has to but this saw titles tomorrow or in the session so that the
Community is primarily people
Of course we play well with worse with the SAS substructure
Cudi player whether the Fed so
but overall, this time they really have to become and become masters
later
is that the reason why there is not a supposedly bad play because
the Estonians the libertine just because they have to get the title
and maybe the coach says so too
Percent Brussels main thing
no goals by one we have to stay up percent and the rest is
it's only sporty
I do not believe that
always had to be master in principle, yes, even everyone always betrayed
in this resonance
By Doerthe Metro, the AWS is supposed to be the only thing we can do
First time you missed the Champions League part maybe through this scam
a little bit bigger, though
this latest front players and Romania illegally ultimately pressure place
and I think that this is easily overcome and AR the tenth I believe
yes that Bayern interspersed
their existing is yes we are talking about a crisis but its luxury crisis
survive from the leader so it can not be so fast% us
really about it
Percent, moreover, that he is the magical Sunday to all people like me
and then maybe you did not play that well
think that's okay you're far from his meadows these demos that
it's all the problem
that Bayern had anyway as there are people who is the occasionally
has to hit the table to exchange
then there is the press on every comment from players so exactly where
and the expansion target percent
this is a circus you just have to specify that the FC Bayern
It was hard to quote this circus with percent
hopefully
I regret relatively young probably to FC Bayern communion or coal too big
Thought about it
he is with the time what is and thus proves that we are or believe
but
not so easy because it is from the outside
I too personally, whether the net expression of large wm-form
Photo Bösl
Hitzfeld is the best coach the stick percent anyway is once before two
This really has been the best one for years
how important the animal became
Son I believe it has been another fruit ten years rock in the last decade
Entertainers successful again Hitzfeld
this sound of man is even or negative you have to clearly see who has
he has to get a new team, build the new team and who will
So good to start playing with it now is every song
Euro is everything fits together
Last year the big problem was when the defensive was last
Year on the defensive is catastrophic
every turn 2pac drink whether in the central defense and the the
Defense is playing very well
so the central defense Hot yes also Goalie allowed 17 so play this
Value the time otherwise only in Italy to him
and that's why we think help today is doing a good job
in the end, without the results still before the always so attractive or the play
Always says the police have seen several new negative
but the main evil is penultimate year or that is up and down
As I said it's over now the pressure is on and that's why it's not
more the right coach
and when time passes on the topic that better in the second half
Football is played and Arne Tode come back
he is now even in modern football or is he more
just one of the conservative should
for the modern football knows in low-weelsel I believe it now
Time is leaving in the season I believe that he is
Visions the youngest I can well imagine the Swiss
National coach will be and sees such a life murder in Switzerland in the
works
however, victory had earned
into the distance he understands that modern football is absolutely there
thoroughly professional and have a top trainer
I think he rubs the Baltic Sea but also unnecessarily that it
our some of the board
Percent like to be produced and the press told the researchers
because know to be strict at Bayern but coach
when I'm with the great that the Luca Toni just always the FDIC is far with
As he ages, he masters it
if somehow he has to do something in the sixteenth on the ball stomped on
most sexiness relative
Percent and clever
Is it really a world-class striker?
that's just
AR
what is there actually
I partially value the clock
he is not that strong and and
as with big clubs, so you have to be careful about whether he plays
he became player but it has become world champion
Espelkamper in general under the gate slats everywhere closed the floor
shall be that my days in the second league or smaller clubs but he
nature had warranty or Jordan's way, so I think so
that after that we are enrichment so he is lucky
So he has
Super da stumbling work but the board of Porsche there or
Orphans or toys are playful of a motorcycle class
a stork
what has madly interested me now is the consumer
in between times for a short time
his eleven
but with percent what actually happen
yes there had to be here so you say painfully missed
cold
yes I never made that he has the view again so it is in the
Mark van Bommel has the second-to-last minute in the Leibnitzer
looked at each other like few others did
Put it down and Scheider d but in mid-September in the shops
not against the church is better than the opponent slides off
I dont know
So worried
Day4 is the heaviest load saw massage oils stop
On the other hand, the interviewee could certainly have fought bitterly against the farmers
so did not see anyone knew Denic blared
Dutch
No matter 3 percent Schönebecker would have